>> Brian Holt: We have a project.
You're gonna apply everything
you just learned here, and
whoever makes the smallest container wins.
No, I'm just kidding,
that's a joke [LAUGH].
You can do this however you want to, but
I'm gonna have you build an Astro project.
And I had it built with Astro and
React and TypeScript and Tailwind and
the reason why I'm doing that is I'm
not actually using any of them in
the project I just wanted you to have
a bunch of dependencies to install, okay?
And you can either start from
an npx create astro@latest on
your local development environment,
or you can just use my copy of it.
I added Tailwind and react to it,
but you don't have to,
it effectively ends up
being the same thing.
But here's what I want you to do.
I want you to have a multi stage
build where you're going to take
your Astro project,
you're going to build it, and
then you're going to copy it
into an nginx container, and
that NGINX container is then going
to run your project for you, right?
It's gonna distribute it, right?
Cuz think about an Astro project once you
build it is just static assets, right?
It's HTML, it's CSS,
it's Javascript, it's images.
There's nothing dynamic or server or
nodey about what's to be being
distributed to the public, right?
So, in your production container,
you don't want node, for example, right?
So what you're gonna do is you're gonna
have a build container that is gonna have
node in it.
It's gonna build the project,
it's going to copy that all over into
a very special directory inside of NGINX.
That nginx is then gonna serve for you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I have a link here for you.
Feel free to just go ahead and
use this if you don't feel like actually
creating your Astro project yourself.
And then go ahead and
figure out how to do a Dockerfile.
There is a solution.dockerfile here,
right here.
This is the answer.
I would invite you to try to do this
yourself before you look at my solution.
But I'm gonna give you a bit of time
to go ahead and go and try and do that.
And then we'll come back and
I'll walk you through my solution.
There's a couple of things I want
just some caveats to give you here.
Please make a multi-stage Dockerfile,
I think we talked about that.
And then,
have another container that can be NGINX.
It can be NGINX Alpine.
There's a bunch of different
flavors of NGINX as well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
either one of those there.
Make sure you're copying
just the newly built files.
Don't include the source files,
which will be the dist directory
inside of the project.
And then make sure you copy
that to /user/share/nginx/html.
You don't have to do
anything else with nginx.
If you put everything
here in that directory,
it knows what to do with
them automatically, so
you don't have to do any configuration,
and nginx will take care of the rest.
So you don't even have
to have a CMD in it.
Don't have a CMD on that last line
because nginx already has one and
you wanna use the default one.
So do not include your own CMD.